docs(web): add internal documentation for context state and keystroke processing (#13520)
keymanapp/keyman: web/docs/internal/keystroke-processing.md

#### LanguageProcessor

The `LanguageProcessor` class, whose instances are owned within the engine by `InputProcessor`, are the anchor point for connecting rest of Keyman Engine for Web with the predictive-text web-worker and its functionalities.

### KeyboardProcessor
- `epic/web-core` note:  renamed to `JSKeyboardProcessor`.

Found within [web/src/engine/js-processor/src/keyboardProcessor.ts](https://github.com/keymanapp/keyman/blob/master/web/src/engine/js-processor/src/keyboardProcessor.ts), the `KeyboardProcessor` class is the top-level class responsible for processing keystrokes targeting JS-based keyboards.  It is also responsible for providing default output for OSK-based keystrokes not explicitly handled by the keyboard that should receive browser-default handling (when JS-based keyboards are active).
- `epic/web-core` note:  renamed to `JSKeyboardProcessor`, moved to `jsKeyboardProcessor.ts` within the same folder.

> https://github.com/keymanapp/keyman/blob/b4df4ab80862bc90da42bcdbd333df0a14da01ca/common/web/keyboard-processor/src/text/keyboardProcessor.ts#L217
> 
> The method linked above is the primary entrypoint for rule processing of individual, preprocessed `KeyEvent`s.  It's named after Core's equivalent class, as it pretty much fills the same role.  This is likely the top-level class that `epic/web-core` would likely need to replace wholesale with a Keyman Core wrapper - hopefully with a mutual abstraction providing a similar interface for both, which `InputProcessor` could then continue to leverage for its functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### [`processKeystroke`](https://github.com/keymanapp/keyman/blob/b4df4ab80862bc90da42bcdbd333df0a14da01ca/common/web/keyboard-processor/src/text/keyboardProcessor.ts#L217) method

This method is the primary entrypoint for rule processing of individual, preprocessed `KeyEvent`s.  It's named after Core's equivalent class, as it pretty much fills the same role.  This is likely the top-level class that `epic/web-core` would likely need to replace wholesale with a Keyman Core wrapper - hopefully with a mutual abstraction providing a similar interface for both, which `InputProcessor` could then continue to leverage for its functions.
```
